# Menu
menu.border.color: #aaaaaa

menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #cccccc
menu.title.text.color: #000000
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ededed
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #333333

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #4a90d9
menu.items.active.text.color: #ededed

menu.separator.color: #aaaaaa
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 8
menu.separator.padding.height: 8


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #272b2b

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #272b2b
window.active.title.separator.color: #272b2b
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ededed

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #272b2b

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #272b2b

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #272b2b
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #ededed

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #272b2b
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #90b7e0

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #272b2b
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #cccccc


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #788484

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #788484
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #788484
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #cccccc

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #272b2b

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #272b2b

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #788484
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #cccccc

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #788484
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #90b7e0

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #788484
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #444444


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #657070

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #4a5050

osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #4a5050
osd.label.text.color: #ededed

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #4a90d9

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #cccccc

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #4a5050
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #657070

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #393f3f
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #657070

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #4a90d9
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #4a90d9

osd.button.focused.box.color: #4a90d9


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 4
padding.height: 4
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: left
